BBC special reporter priceless - in
Southeast Asia I'm Sanjay ahluwalia here
in Thailand in every direction I look I
see desperate struggling and those are
just the CNN reporters people are asking
why did no one take the tsunami threat
seriously the answer lies in the name
personally I thought tsunami was a
character from the Pokemon movie the US
has already pledged three hundred and
fifty million dollars
three hundred and forty nine million of
which goes on services contracts to Dick
Cheney's friends Secretary of Defense
Donald Rumsfeld was quoted as saying we
would have sent more but we blew it all
on the fake war in Iraq
President Bush appointed former
presidents Clinton and Bush senior to
had domestic fundraising he then hired
Michael Moore to keep an eye on Clinton
in Bush Senior oh you you poor man I
know what your people must be going
through who are you Jeb Bush governor of
Florida my brother sent me over here
because I'm an expert on disasters
dealing with hurricanes actually I was
talking about the 2000 election lookie
here I have a special American relief
package a case of coke a Twinkie two
passes Disney World one per customer see
ya
what part of Thailand are you from I'm
from London
wait that must've been one hell of a way
well good luck to y'all now if you'll
pardon me I have to go distribute more
of this origami relief
in Canada Paul Martin has also pledged
this country support he joins me now
hello Prime Minister you poor man I know
what your people must be going through
Prime Minister the relief effort from
Canada is in full swing now and the
people here are united in their response
what the hell kept you mr. Ahluwalia I
was tied up with affairs of state
critical g8 business and implementing
the Kyoto agreement you were vacationing
in Morocco that to practice your
government did not act quickly
not to the gated government is using the
same definitive plan of action we always
fall first we study all the details of
the situation then we weigh all the
options and the inherent costs then we
consult extensively with Canadians then
and only then do we wait and see what
the US does
a common criticism says your government
is not giving enough relief effort money
you're treating it like health care mr.
Ahluwalia currently we are committed to
80 million dollars do you realize how
much money that is yes half of what you
gave away in the sponsorship scandal is
Canada doing enough to help yes sir we
are sending tons of supplies hundreds of
volunteers and rescue teams and we will
continue to do so wherever it's needed
in the world let there be no doubt in
the future when people think of
devastation suffering and desperation
they will think of Canada well BBC this
is Sanjay Ahluwalia leaving you with
this thought the more you hear about
tsunamis the more you realize how
totally unimportant Britney Spears loved
life is